How to Use Git and GitHub: Lesson 1 Reflections

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
The diff allowed me to immediately locate the lines that were changed. Since the program was bug-
free prior to the code change, one or more of these lines must contain the bug. Finding the bug at
that point was a matter or scanning the lines and looking for typos.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
in the long term?
Locating bugs is easier when you can narrow down the location by comparing different versions of
the file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do
in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
PROS:
- can label changes with logical commit messages, therefore easier to scan history
- won't have too many copies saved
CONS:
- prone to human error (might forget to commit a change)

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately? Git often deals with systems
of multiple files that work together to produce one "product" (i.e. HTML and CSS working together
to create a webpage). Saving multiple files in one commit is necessary because one single logical
change can be made and two files can be affected by it.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git log to view the history of all file changes alongside their commit messages. You
can use git diff to compare the changes between two editions of files via highlighting the lines
that were added and deleted.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Version control allows you to easily revert to a working edition of a file or set of files. Making
changes that could potentially break something should not be intimidating because version control
removes the worst consequences.